Updates Contributing, adds Addons to list of projects & lists localizations (#225)
Hubs-Foundation/hubs-docs: docs/dev-contributing.md

---
id: contributing
title: Contributing
description: Outlines the many ways people can get involved and contribute to the project.
---

This page outlines opportunities for people who want to contribute to the Hubs project. We welcome external contributions that align with the project's mission around enabling collaboration and communication through shared 3D spaces. You can find information about how to contribute to Hubs and the supporting projects that make up the platform here.

If you're starting a large change, you might want first to discuss it in one of the Discord development channels.

Contributors are expected to abide by the project's [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Hubs-Foundation/hubs/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and to be respectful of the project and people working on it.

The following GitHub projects are part of the Hubs platform and governed by these contributing guidelines: 

> * https://github.com/Hubs-Foundation/hubs/ - the Hubs client webapp

Reviewer: Should this mention the admin panel?

1. Clone the repo you want to contribute to and get things running locally
2. Find an issue or improvement that you want to fix - give us a heads up that you're working on it by dropping in a comment on the issue.

> 3. Write one or more automated tests, if there is test infrastructure for that part of the code.

Reviewer: Not sure we've discussed this, but as far as I know, writing tests is optional and could be a deterrent (not everyone is familiar with tests and I don't think we have much documentation on the subject).  So, I would mark this as optional for now, or maybe combine this with step 4 below.

Author: We haven't set a policy, but if there is test infrastructure available (there appears to be none for A-Frame, which is problematic to write automated tests for), I very strongly prefer people write tests — it should be straightforward, and helps to ensure all cases are covered. It greatly helps reviewers.  That's why it's Best Practice.

In some cases, useful tests can't be written, even when there's infrastructure.  If someone has tried to write tests, and found that no useful tests can be written, I'm ok with approving the PR.

If someone can't write tests, when there's infrastructure to support it and other tests as models, I'm inclined to doubt they can write code of adequate quality.

We *could* weaken this to a recommendation.

Reviewer: @DougReeder addressed my latest comment at the Hubs Documentation Session.  See the notes for details: [Hubs Documentation Session Notes for Dec. 10 meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GhHG5KckJsb875BcMttKf2koBC6b-Ktq747NEE3kLiM/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.bnydtk5jss83)

* If you are filing a bug, please include information about the operating system, device, and browser that you were using when you saw the bug. _Example: Seen on Windows 10 with Firefox 66.0.5 on Oculus Rift_

> * A good format is a sequence of steps, ending with the expected result, and the actual result.

Reviewer: This should probably be stronger, and I think the expected/actual should be switched (at least that is what is suggested in the bug report templates for the Hubs Client and Hubs Blender add-on).  E.g.
```suggestion
* Make sure to include the sequence of steps to reproduce the bug, ending with the actual result, and then describe what you expected to happen instead in the next section.
```

## 🎨 3D Art
If you are a 3D artist and want to support what we're doing with Hubs, consider creating and releasing content under a Creative Commons license or creating scenes using the [Spoke web editor](https://docs.hubsfoundation.org/spoke-creating-projects.html) and releasing them as remixable environments. Content with low polygon counts that are optimized to run well on the web are much appreciated! In particular, we'd love to see scenes that capture a wide range of experiences.

## 📜 Documentation
Our documentation for Hubs and Spoke is hosted on the GitHub [Hubs-docs repository](https://github.com/Hubs-Foundation/hubs-docs). For contributing corrections or additional pages, please file a pull request or issue as a suggestion with your proposed content and we will review it and add it when all looks good!

## 🌐 Localization
The Hubs client has localizations (not all complete) to the following languages:
* Catalan
* German
* Spanish
* French
* Italian
* Japanese
* Korean
* Portuguese
* Russian
* Chinese (simplified)
* Chinese (traditional)

We welcome additions and updates to these.

> (Note that machine-generated translations can help, but by themselves are rarely what users need.)

Author: While not all machine translation uses "AI" or Large Language Models, the same concerns are found.
